hey what's up my name is Silvio Perez
and in this video I'm gonna talk about
what PPC is so you can understand it
even if you have no idea what it is I'm
talking about so let's get started first
and foremost PPC stands for
pay-per-click and pay-per-click is a
form of advertising it's online
advertising where you can only run you
can run these ads on these different
networks and you will only pay when
somebody clicks on your ad so unlike
traditional media where you can pay
where somebody views your ad with
pay-per-click you're only gonna pay when
somebody actually clicks on your ad so
basically what that means is you're only
paying for when somebody actually
responds when somebody actually does
something so unlike a traditional ad
let's say it's a billboard or a radio ad
you can you're getting charged
regardless of whether or not somebody
picks up the phone and calls you with
pay per click with PPC you're only gonna
pay that
ad network that you're advertising on
online when they actually click on your
ad so it's super powerful
now PPC pay-per-click there's a lot of
different ad networks out there a lot of
different places you can advertise with
this form of advertising with PPC but to
break it all down it really lies into
three categories of the type of PPC
advertising you can do the first
category are search search networks so
search networks are like Google Bing
Yahoo these are all different search
engines where you can create these
different PPC ads to reach people when
they're searching in Google in being in
Yahoo for a product or service that you
might provide so somebody searches they
type these keywords into the search bar
you bid on those keywords that people
are looking for and then your ad pops up
at the top and you're only going to pay
when somebody searches that and actually
clicks on your ad so if they search that
thing and they see your ad but they
don't click you don't get charged the
next type of ad network is social so
social ad networks are like your
Facebook's your youtubes your LinkedIn's
your Twitter your Pinterest it goes on
and on all these different social
networks have added advertising programs
involved in the back end of these
so they can make money and the types of
ads they let you produce on these
networks are PPC ads so you can run PPC
ads on YouTube on Facebook on LinkedIn
on Twitter etc etc and then last but not
least the last type of network that you
can run these PPC ads on our Display
Network so the display network is when
you go to a website let's say Forbes
comm and you see on the side it's all
those banner ads on the side of the of
the blog article that you might be
reading or that website that you're at
all those different ads on the side
those banner ads that's the Display
Network so with the Display Network you
can reach tons of people on all these
different types of websites out there
and get your ad out so for example let's
say you are a personal trainer and you
want to reach people that are interested
in fitness so a great example of an ad a
display ad you can run is you can target
websites like bodybuilding calm and put
your ad on the side of bodybuilding comm
where you can promote your business and
reach people so do the slate network is
another opportunity to create these PPC
ads and reach more users so that is it
for this video guys I hope it was
helpful PPC advertising is extremely
powerful extremely powerful
it's very controllable you set your
daily budget you say how much you want
to pay everything is in your hands
you just have to make sure that you
understand how to tell the network that
you're advertising on how to go about
and do these things that you want and if
you want to learn more about
pay-per-click advertising if this sounds
something interesting that you'd like to
use in your business then go ahead and
subscribe to my channel I create weekly
content on pay-per-click advertising and
in the future I'm going to be releasing
training series that actually show you
how to go up go ahead and set up these
ads from start to finish on Google on
Facebook on YouTube and that's coming in
the future so guys go ahead and click
that subscribe button down below like
this video share with your friends and I
hope you got some value from this again
my name is Sylvia Perez and I'll see you
next time take care
[Music]